SAV requests the Administrator the registration number of the vehicle.
SAV requests the identification of the responsible for the purchase of the vehicle.
The Administrator requests the identification of the responsible for the purchase of the vehicle.
SAV requests the purchase date and the cost of the vehicle.
SAV requests the identification of the buyer of the vehicle.
SAV requests the observations of the sale.
SAV requests the place of refund of the vehicle.
SAV requests the amount of the bail of the lease.
SAV requests the identification of the borrower.
SAV requests the data of the request of maintenance of the vehicle.
SAV requests the mileage of the vehicle.
SAV requests the cost of the repair of the vehicle.
SAV requests the data of the external garage.
SAV requests the Administrator the registration number of the vehicle.
SAV requests the model, the brand, the year of production, the number of doors, the capacity and the mileage of the vehicle.
SAV requests the model, year of production and number of doors of the vehicle.
SAV requests the name and the description of the new class of vehicle.
SAV requests the name and the description of the group of the class of vehicle.
SAV requests the model, year of production and number of doors of the vehicle.
SAV requests to the Employee the registration number of the vehicle.
SAV requests the data of the insurance policy.
SAV requests to the Administrator the data of the Insurance Company.
SAV requests the bank details of the direct client.
SAV requests to the Administrator the data of the extra.
SAV requests the quantity of days of contracting of the extra.
SAV requests the quantity of days of contracting of the service.
SAV updates the available quantity of the extra.
SAV requests the identity card of the employee.
SAV requests the start date, duration and conditions of the labor contract.
SAV requests the identity card of the employee.
SAV updates the state of the labor contract.
SAV requests the identity card of the employee.
SAV requests the identity card of the new employee.
SAV requests the data of the employee.
SAV requests the identity card of the employee.


